welcome my name is eduardo and in
I will teach you this opportunity to
make a pionono to make a
pionono what we are going to need are 4
eggs 60 grams of flour 60 grams of
sugar a pinch of salt honey and essence
of vanilla to flavor to begin
to make our pionono what we are going
to do is beat the eggs without sugar to
room temperature when the eggs
have vanished what we are going to do is
put the sugar in the form of rain
once we have incorporated the
sugar what we are going to incorporate also
it's honey, honey is not just going to
bring color to our pionono but
also what he is going to do is that this
pawn or not have enough moisture
so that we can then be able to
roll it with our stuffing and
we keep beating until we get our
point letter
satiety
very well once we achieve our
point letter is that memory in which
we raise the preparation and
we can make a drawing about our
shake there we stop and what we're going
to incorporate now are going to be the
dry ingredients we had flour to the
which I will add a pinch of salt
this will make it best enhances the
flavors and the smoothie I'm going to add a
vanilla essence trickle
we always mix with movements
envelopes always the light shakes
like this type like the sponge cake
as a genoa we are always going to incorporate
the ingredients in enveloping form
so as not to lose our air we are going to
sift the dry ingredient together with the
come out if you are preparing this
they would like to make chocolate what they are going
to do is replace a 20 percent
of the flour for bitter cocoa
we incorporate the dry ingredients in
wrap around until you see what
the flour has been integrated in a
couple we do not find lumps always
take the precaution of mixing
from the bottom up because it is usually
usually decant the flour for being more
heavy if they do not have that care they're going to
find with lumps of flour then
when they are going to dump this preparation
its mold once we have our
beaten we will put in the mold
I have prepared a plate with paper
butter greased and floured this is
important so that our hair does not
we can easily take off
let's go placing our shake and
once we have all the smoothie
what we are going to do is extend it with
the help of a metal spatula
and we 're going to take it to an oven
of 200 degrees because we need a
strong oven because this cake is
you have to cook fast in about 10
minutes 8 minutes barely gilds the
surface of this cake there what
we remove it has to be a cooking
quick so that I get wet
inside if we do it in a cooking
slow what's going to happen is that it's going to
dry and we will have a cookie
they will let cool and if they want it
disassemble to fill what they are going to
to do is remove the butter paper that
it comes out very easily but if they want it
preserve well and use them later what
what they can do is keep it with their
Butter paper with which it was cooked
can roll up and in this way what
they can place you can place paper
film or inside a bag and so have it
in the refrigerator until the moment of
use I hope you have been
utility this recipe and see you in a
next
i